well howdy there internet people its Bo
again so tonight we're going to talk
about the country that I believe is the
greatest threat to the freedom of
Americans and it's a country that never
gets talked about you never hear about
people calling for regime change in a
suah Stan last time that happened was
like five years ago nothing was done of
course so the reason it never gets
talked about it's an economic powerhouse
it is country itself is an oligarchy
with far-right leanings it has two
parties the Punda and timbo parties but
they're pretty much the same because
they're in bed with the same ruling
elites of that country that rhetorics is
different so they appeal to different
bases and on certain social issues
there's a little bit of a difference but
not a whole lot the corruption in this
country is unprecedented
the asou and the elite can get away with
anything they want up to and including
the sexual assault of children and just
get a slap on the wrist the security
services of that country well pretty
much the same thing every once in a
while they'll arrest one and hold it up
to show hey we're doing something if
they're convicted which normally the
prosecutor just throws the case but if
they're convicted occasionally they'll
get a real sense most of time it's just
a slap on the wrist for them to they
have a very very powerful military
relatively speaking is an extremely
powerful military for the region
they have a stockpile of chemical
weapons weapons of mass destruction
normally that's enough but not for them
even though they tested their weapons on
their own citizens they violate the
national sovereignty and territorial
integrity of other countries on a yearly
basis if not more often they openly
target children for recruitment into the
military and allow them to sign up in
violation of international law they've
hired mercenary firms they got thrown
out of Iraq you have any idea how hard
it is to get thrown out of Iraq as a
contractor even with all of this the
people of this country they've been so
indoctrinated by compliant media that
they they passed the Wisel endo laws
which gave the security services the
sweeping Authority torture against end
citizens to secret prisons with no trial
it's insane and then the prison's people
know about because it is an oligarchy a
lot of them are really for-profit they
lock people up for nothing just to
generate money for the ruling elite this
manifested itself in the fact that even
though this country only has 4% of the
world's population it's got 25 percent
of the prison population of the world
some of these regions they still execute
children some of the regions in this
country poverty is rampant their
religious leaders openly call for the
execution or assassination of foreign
heads of state nothing's done extremists
child marriage is still a thing and a
lot of regions
so we're honor killings country had a
free press a while back but that has
slowly hugged way that is slowly
underway now if he speak Swahili you
already got the joke the Panda and timbo
parties if you were to translate that
that would roughly end up as a
Republican and Democrat the wazzle Indo
laws well that would be the Patriot Act
see when you're inside of a system and
you're a part of it
it's very very hard to see it for what
it is
if the US media reported on the actions
of our own government the way they
report on the actions of countries in
Africa or Central Asia this is what you
would hear all of this is true it's just
in the way it's framed but because here
we can wrap it in the American flag
that's not that bad
if this was any other country people
would be calling for regime change and I
know that's true because about five
years ago I wrote an article for anti
media and it was basically this and the
number of people who didn't finish the
article who were just so enraged by what
they read that started calling for
regime change of a non-existent
metaphorical country was astounding
this is the United States today a sua
Stan a backwards USA with a Stan added
to give it a little cultural bias but
this is us anyway it's just a thought
y'all have a good night